Adding skills for HITL Coded agents (#175)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-tasks/SKILL.md

---
name: uipath-tasks

> description: "Manage UiPath Action Center tasks via CLI. Use when: list/assign/complete tasks, manage assignments, or user mentions 'Action Center'/'tasks'/'uip tasks'. Skip for Orchestrator queues, Document Understanding, or codedapp."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "[PREVIEW] Manage UiPath Action Center tasks via CLI. Use when: list/assign/complete tasks, manage assignments, or user mentions 'Action Center'/'tasks'/'uip tasks'. For Orchestrator-> uipath-platform, skip for Document Understanding, or codedapp."
```

user-invokable: true
---

# UiPath Tasks (Action Center) — Agent Skill

Action Center is UiPath's human-in-the-loop platform. Tasks represent work items
that require human input — form approvals, document validation, data labeling, and more.

> All operations go through `uip tasks <verb> --output json`.

Reviewer: also mention the `--help` command
